fix(curriculum): fix grammar and update tests music player step 38 (#54564)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-basic-string-and-array-methods-by-building-a-music-player/653639d63a45a077333312c8.md

# --description--

Before playing the song, you need to make sure it starts from the beginning. This can be achieved by the use of the `currentTime` property on the `audio` object. 

Add an `if` statement to check whether the `userData?.currentSong` is falsy *OR* if `userData?.currentSong.id` is strictly not equal `song.id`. This condition will check if no current song is playing or if the current song is different from the one that is about to be played.

Inside `if` block, set the `currentTime` property of the `audio` object to `0`.

# --hints--

> Despite the use of the logical *OR* operator, order in this statement is important, as `userData?.currentSong.id` depends on the existence of `userData?.currentSong`.  Don't forget to include optional chaining.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Despite the use of the logical *OR* operator, the order in this statement is important, as `userData?.currentSong.id` depends on the existence of `userData?.currentSong`.  Remember to include optional chaining.
```

> Despite the use of the logical *OR* operator, order in this statement is important, as `userData?.currentSong.id` depends on the existence of `userData?.currentSong`.  Don't forget to include optional chaining.

Reviewer: This hint text is too long. It should be about creating the `if` statement with a certain condition. You can then add other sidenotes, as short as possible.
